# bellmanford
Image stitching using Bellman Ford shortest path algorithm

# Abstract
Panorama generation or image stitching can be defined as the process of combining multiple images to make a single wide FOV (field-of-view) image thus providing a cost effective solution to wide FOV high-resolution imaging. The process of panorama generation consists of two main steps, image alignment and image blending. The geometric correction is generally based on feature based method to find the correspondence between the images using homography estimation. The presence of parallax and depths in the two images to be combined, causes object misalignments, as homography is valid for a single plane only. These mis-alignments may result in artifacts like ghosting, duplications or structure deformations. Davis (1998) proposed the solution to this problem by making use of single source shortest path algorithm to find the minimum intensity optimal seam in the image and then stitching the image according to that seam. A hardware-software co-design for implementation of Bellman Ford's shortest path algorithm (Bellman 1958) explicitly for optimal seam calculation in image stitching is presented in this thesis. The design is speed optimized to meet the timing constraints of video stitching in real-time. The regularity of the non-planar directed graph formed by the image, along with the early convergence capability and parallelism of the Bellman Ford's algorithm is exploited. Design is implemented and tested on Virtex-6 FPGA device on different resolutions and gives real-time speeds for resolutions up to 2048x2048. Timing results and comparison with previous implementations are shown in results sections.

